# How to add Ethereum Roulette to Mist.1. Open Mist.2. Go to the Contract view by clicking on contracts at the top.3. Click watch contract.4. Enter "EthereumRoulette" into the name field.5. Enter "0xb9ecee3caa88e1864b8264b18d74a267c79aa2d1" into the address field.6. Paste the contents of the [player interface](player_interface.json) into the JSON INTERFACE box and click OK.# How to play1. Click on the "EthereumRoulette" contract in the contract view.2. Find the value of the current_spin_number and remember it.3. Select "player_make_bet" funciton on the right and enter the spin result you want to bet on. It should be in the range [0, 37]. (37 represents double zero).4. Enter the amount of Ether you want to bet. There is a maximum bet, which you can find on the main page by scolling around (that number is specified in wei). It should be around 0.05 - 0.1 Ether. Note: it might be more convenient to switch the Finney units instead of Ether.5. Click EXECUTE. A window should pop up with the gas estimate. If it can't be calculated, then something is wrong, maybe the bet is too high.6. Click OK. When the transaction gets mined you should be able to check your bet by finding check_bet on the main page. Enter your address, spin number and the number that you bet on. It should say what the size of your bet is (in Wei). It is possible that your bet is included in the next spin if it takes too long to mine the transaction, so look around.7. To find out the results of spins, look for "spins" on the main page. Enter the spin number when you bet. If Nonce is 0x0000... that means the result hasn't been revealed yet. Wait a few minutes.8. If you won, select player_collect_winnings function on the right and enter the spin number where you won and click execute.9. You can make many bets per spin.